Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery might be movie of the year. Actually, not might, IS movie of the year. 
Some would say Sinners but no, the pacing of the movie was just off, especially the ending. Whereas Wake Up Dead Man was perfect all around. It was perfect in that it didn't fall into the new way that movies are being made, where they tell instead of show, a phenonemon where many screenwriters are taking into consideration that viewers may be on their phone or laptop during the movie, so they try and make it easier to understand if not paying full attention. Thus erasing the complexity and art of film.
Wake Up Dead Man was everything movies used to be before Netflix took over. 
Not to mention the depiction of religious themes hasn't been done well in Hollywood before this (I can understand an argument about Conclave here), it should both the positives and very well negatives that are rarely shown. 
NOT TO MENTION THE CINEMETOGRAPHY. Oh my goodness. GORGEOUS. RYAN JOHNSON ATE
Furthermore, the characters. It just felt like out of all the Knives Out films, these characters where the most thoughout. I would say making it the most complex of the films. Layers upon layers upon layers for each character.
With the Knives Out films you just never know what to expect or you can't easily guess what is going or what has happened. 
And the STAR of the show, obviously our English/Irish King, Josh O'Connor. His delivery was amazing and his character arc HELLO 
This movie was just amazing story telling mostly through the cinemetography so thank you Ryan Johnson bringing good story telling back